Updates for linux docs (#36686)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/install/linux-scripted-manual.md

Extract the downloaded file and use the `export` command to set `DOTNET_ROOT` to the extracted folder's location and then ensure .NET is in PATH. Exporting `DOTNET_ROOT` makes the .NET CLI commands available in the terminal. For more information about .NET environment variables, see [.NET SDK and CLI environment variables](../tools/dotnet-environment-variables.md#net-sdk-and-cli-environment-variables).

Different versions of .NET can be extracted to the same folder, which coexist side-by-side.

### Example

> The following commands set the environment variable `DOTNET_ROOT` to the current working directory followed by `.dotnet`. It then creates the directory if it doesn't exist and extracts the contents of the file specified by the `DOTNET_FILE` environment variable to the `.dotnet` directory. Both the `.dotnet` directory and its `tools` subdirectory are added to the `PATH` environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following commands set the environment variable `DOTNET_ROOT` to the current working directory followed by `.dotnet`. They then create the directory if it doesn't exist and extract the contents of the file specified by the `DOTNET_FILE` environment variable to the `.dotnet` directory. Both the `.dotnet` directory and its `tools` subdirectory are added to the `PATH` environment variable.
```
